React: Add an Optimize Performance guide (#3969)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/50 React Components/45 Optimize Performance/10 Define Keys For Element Collections.md

> When children elements specify [key](https://reactjs.org/docs/lists-and-keys.html#keys) attributes, React uses the keys to compare the children of current and previous VDOM nodes. Keys allow children components to stay stable between renders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When child elements specify [key](https://reactjs.org/docs/lists-and-keys.html#keys) attributes, React uses the keys to compare the child elements of current and previous VDOM nodes. Keys allow child components to remain stable between renders.
```
